Describe Dockerized Node Registration Proof (#38)
autonity/docs.autonity.org: content/docs/validators/register-vali/_index.md

autonity genEnodeProof --nodekey <NODE_KEY_PATH> <TREASURY_ACCOUNT_ADDRESS>
```

> ... or, if you are running the Autonity Go Client in a docker container with the `autonity-chaindata` directory mapped to a direcory of the same name outside the container, you can temporarily create a separate container mapping the same directory for proof generation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are running the Autonity Go Client in a docker container, setup as described in the [Run Autonity section](../../node-operators/run-aut#run-docker) (i.e. with the `autonity-chaindata` directory mapped to a host directory of the same name), the proof can be generated as follows:
```

Reviewer: I'm in two minds about this kind of thing.  It does make sense, but it creates a maintenance burden (if anything changes about the docker run command in the "Run Autonity" section, we have to someone know that a change here is required) and I wonder if we can just assume that someone using docker will know enough about it to be able to do this.

I also wonder if there is an easier approach to docker where people actually create a persistent container so they don't have to give URLs and complex volume mappinsgs just to invoke `autonity`.  I mgiht be wrong, but I think I'd start here rather than replicating the arguments.

Reviewer 2: I think this commit suggestion is a good clarification.

>It does make sense

Yes, it gives all information in context, without having to navigate back to confirm

>but it creates a maintenance burden (if anything changes about the docker run command in the "Run Autonity" section, we have to someone know that a change here is required)

I think that can be resolved by  removing the parenthetic insertion:

>(i.e. with the `autonity-chaindata` directory mapped to a host directory of the same name)

As that is how it is done in the referenced How to.

>I wonder if we can just assume that someone using docker will know enough about it to be able to do this.

Good question. I think yes. The how to is clear, if a user follows it this works. If the user sets up differently, the user surely|should know how to modify this command.

Author: I do like your suggestion.

As for your reservations: I think the burden is minimal; and since we're describing how to run it in a docker container, then I think it's expected and natural to also describe this step in a docker context. Maybe we can assume that people can figure it out, but it still looks like an omission not to mention it.

As for the easier approach: I thought we are using `--rm` and the folder mapping with Docker precisely so as to keep our examples simple and straightforward, without running into complaints that something doesn't work just because someone forgot to remove an old container; and in order to make it easily possible to access chaindata and config without needing to log into the running container. Personally, I think this is a _good_ solution, and sufficiently easy and straightforward.

Reviewer: Point taken about the docker containers. That's not really my field so I have to defer on that one. But I am still uncomfortable copy-pasting big command lines between pages, so I wonder if we can amend the "run autonity" section to add a simple shell script that wraps the long docker command line. This section then just has to suggest the user calls a `. /run-autonity` script with the same params as they'd pass to `autonity`. (With a caveat similar to the one you've given - namely you must have set things up according to the "run autonity" section).
